In this video, we are going to tackle
number 41 here, implementing the Spring
Data JPA service for vets. This is issue
number 41. Assign that to myself and let's
jump over to IntelliJ and get started on
this.
What we're going to do is implement
the Spring Data JPA equivalent of this
guy here, so I'm going to go ahead and
split this. It's going to be a little
bit easier to follow and then the owners.
It's a simpler. I'm going to come in
here and come down here. Say new class
and we will say Vet. Follow the same
naming SD JPA service
like
so. We will annotate this as a
Service, so that's a Spring stereotype.
Then just like here, we're going to
also add in that profile so this is
only got to run with the Spring Data JPA
profile active. I'm going to copy that
like so and this is going to implement
the VetService.
Let me expand that out a little bit.
Come down here and say implement methods.
IntelliJ will provide a stubs for all
that. Here, we want the VetRepository
like so. I'm going to try to get away
implementing this service repository so
I'm not quite sure if we have unsaved
services. I'm not 100% sure how things
will behave or if we actually need
that, so I'm going to leave it as is for
right now. We may have to revisit
this and set up the constructor there. So
now, we'll inject that and now we want to
return back a Set.
So remember here, we basically created a
new HashSet to find all and then
iterated over it so we can follow that
same pattern here.
We're going to say
Set
new HashSet.
Now, we can save that vetRepository find
All forEach and now we can say that's
calling colon colon ad like so, and then we just
return back the vets. That is
our Set. So pretty simple
implementation of that. Now, we have the findById(). Remember here, the findById(), we
are returning back an optional, so that
is a Spring Data thing. We are going
to do that. So now, we can say vetRepository.findById(), pass in that
aLong,
and now, we could say or or else
return back a null. This kind of
breaks the functional model doing it
like this but this is kind of how I want
this application would behave at this
time. We could do something a little more
elegant in there further down the road,
maybe. So now here, we want to implement
the save method, so we're going to say vetRepository save that takes in the
object, which is a Vet and the save
method also returns back the saved vet. So
exactly what we want there, and again,
that this here, if we have unsaved
specialties on it, we may hit a snag. So
if we do, we will address that at some
point in the future. Then we have
that vetRepository.delete. This is
going to take in the object. The
final method that we need to implement
here is vetRepository delete but by ID.
It's going to take in a Long value.
That completes the implementation,
pretty simple implementation, fairly
cookie-cutter of the owner JPA service.
The important thing here is that we
are setting a profile of Spring Data JPA
so when the Spring context comes up we're
not loading two of them in.